h3. My fork of oh-my-zsh...

oh-my-zsh is an open source, community-driven framework for managing your ZSH configuration. It comes bundled with a ton of helpful functions, helpers, plugins, themes, and few things that make you shout...

bq. "OH MY ZSHELL!"

h2. Setup

@oh-my-zsh@ should work with any recent release of "zsh":http://www.zsh.org/, the minimum recommended version is 4.3.9.

h3. The automatic installer... (do you trust me?)

You can install this via the command line with either `curl` or `wget`.

h4. via `curl`

@curl -L https://github.com/fteem/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh | sh@

h4. via `wget`

@wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/fteem/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh -O - | sh@

h3. The manual way


1. Clone the repository

  @git clone git://github.com/fteem/oh-my-zsh.git ~/.oh-my-zsh@

2. *OPTIONAL* Backup your existing ~/.zshrc file

  @cp ~/.zshrc ~/.zshrc.orig@

3. Create a new zsh config by copying the zsh template we've provided.

  @cp ~/.oh-my-zsh/templates/zshrc.zsh-template ~/.zshrc@


4. Set zsh as your default shell:

  @chsh -s /bin/zsh@

5. Start / restart zsh (open a new terminal is easy enough...)


h2. Useful

the "refcard":http://www.bash2zsh.com/zsh_refcard/refcard.pdf is pretty tasty for tips.

h3. Customization

If you want to override any of the default behavior, just add a new file (ending in @.zsh@) into the @custom/@ directory.
If you have many functions which go well together you can put them as a *.plugin.zsh file in the @custom/plugins/@ directory and then enable this plugin.
If you would like to override the functionality of a plugin distributed with oh-my-zsh, create a plugin of the same name in the @custom/plugins/@ directory and it will be loaded instead of the one in @plugins/@.
